Remove Pinst & improve README (#3)
anarancio/rif-relay-contracts: Readme.md

this dependency since we don't have a release version at this time. A way to install it for now is to add to your dependencies on the `package.json` file this line 
`"@rsksmart/rif-relay-contracts": "https://github.com/anarancio/rif-relay-contracts",` and then run `npm i`**

> **IMPORTANT: when you publish a version postinstall scripts must be disabled. This is disabled by default, don't push any change on postinstall scripts section in the `package.json` file.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT: when you publish a version postinstall scripts must be disabled. This is disabled by default, don't push any changes on postinstall scripts section in the `package.json` file.**
```

this dependency since we don't have a release version at this time. A way to install it for now is to add to your dependencies on the `package.json` file this line 
`"@rsksmart/rif-relay-contracts": "https://github.com/anarancio/rif-relay-contracts",` and then run `npm i`**

> **IMPORTANT: when you publish a version postinstall scripts must be disabled. This is disabled by default, don't push 
> any change on postinstall scripts section in the `package.json` file.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT: when you publish a version postinstall scripts must be disabled. This is disabled by default, don't push any change on postinstall scripts section in the `package.json` file.**
```

#### How to add new resources

You always can add new solidity files inside the contracts folder at the root
of this repository, but you need to understand a few rules before doing that.

> 1. The first thing you need to do always is to make sure you have `postinstall` scripts enabled on the `package.json`. These
> are disabled by default due to distribution issues. (This will be solve in the future).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The first thing you always need to make sure of is that `postinstall` scripts are enabled in the `package.json` file. These are disabled by default due to distribution issues (which will be solved in the future).
```
